Remove Kafka and ZooKeeper upgrades from StatefulSets (#10935)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* [Strimzi EnvVar Configuration Provider](https://github.com/strimzi/kafka-env-var-config-provider) (deprecated in Strimzi 0.38.0) and [Strimzi MirrorMaker 2 Extensions](https://github.com/strimzi/mirror-maker-2-extensions) (deprecated in Strimzi 0.28.0) plugins were removed from Strimzi container images.
  Please use the Apache Kafka [EnvVarConfigProvider](https://github.com/strimzi/kafka-env-var-config-provider?tab=readme-ov-file#deprecation-notice) and [Identity Replication Policy](https://github.com/strimzi/mirror-maker-2-extensions?tab=readme-ov-file#identity-replication-policy) instead.

> * When using Kafka operand and upgrading from Strimzi 0.34 or older, make sure the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate is enabled and `StrimziPodSets` are used before upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using the Kafka operand and upgrading from Strimzi 0.34 or older, make sure the `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate is enabled and `StrimziPodSet` resources are used before upgrading.
```
